I briefly talked about why
I use ID as a string and
then why I extract it
into like a base entity.
So, good question and or a good request
in the form of a question slash request.
So the reason why I type
out my IDs as strings
is because the databases would generally
generate a UID as
an alphanumeric sequence.
And so I think one purely for
compliance with if you're dealing with
a database, you're maxing it out.
More often than not, that's going to
be a string as well as when you and
so that's just for
the kind of the default but
by using an alphanumeric sequence
you have a lot more options in
terms of uniqueness because numbers
just keep getting larger and
larger and larger versus even
reduce alphanumeric strings and
it's able to get more
versus unique sequences.
So that's one.
The other reason why I use base entity is
because it allows me to
define my interfaces
In a way that so
the assumption here that I'm making
is that every one of my entities
is going to have an ID.
If you're going to the database
specifically, you will have an ID.
And so it's just a way for
me to extract that piece out and
focus just on kind of the extrinsic
properties that I care about.
And so it's just kind of
a convenience method that, for me,
I just assume that every kind of entity
that I have is going to have an ID.
And so it's a way for me to not
have to keep putting that in there.
But by implementing the base entity
is that I'm doing that via like,
I'm contractually obligated to do that.
And so I would I'm very judicious
about how I use inheritance.
And so I think you should
be careful with this but
I think a very specific single
level inheritance is probably okay.
Some people will say that if you use
inheritance at all, you're the devil.
I don't agree with that And I think
the balance is is just really being
cognizant of it and being very judicious
about how you use inheritance, okay?
>> So, you're imagining like you'd have
multiple interfaces beyond the client, and
they'd have the shared
base identity of ID.
>> Right, and so, now, you're ensuring
that all your entities have an ID.
I am creating a coupling here,
is that I'm coupling that
all of my entities that use base
entity to this base entity.
So if I came in here, it just flippantly
said, this is a number, then I break this.
In this is where you got to
have to be careful about this,
but in the case of I can
safely say I want every entity
to have an ID and
I want it to be a string or no.
And I'm willing to enforce
that across all entities and
I'm happy I'm okay with that coupling,
then it's a fair trade off for me.
>> Yes, now I said that you have
everything around, all around your home
component and is there a way to
better organize this or is this okay?
>> So the question is,
everything's in the home component.
And is there a better
way to organize this?
I would never do this for real.
Like this is like we're
waxing the car right now.
And so this is the only reason why
it's even in this home component.
Is because that I can come over here and
I can render it.
But for instance, you could or
somebody could pick this up and
I've done this entire example
in inside of stack Blitz and
you could just paste this in and.
Go here and then within this,
just dump this out.
Just go Tango, no,
>> Yeah.
and if you look in the clo I
mean in the world from the Gita,
It actually is on their API interfaces.ts.
So, yeah,
>> Yeah, so
I did I did put the interface in.
I do have a top level interface,
but I also for
the sake of just kind of visual cohesion,
it's all in one file.
So the idea is we're just starting from
nothing and we're gonna build on this.
But you could do this in sight of
stockless just like this and so.
>> And then another question I have is the
reason you have the ID be either spring or
Knoll is because when
you're creating a new one,
it's going to be no to begin with right?
>> So the question is, is the reason or
rather comment, which the answer is yes.
Is the reason why I have string.
Or ID being string or
null is because I'm saying if it exists,
it's going to be a string.
But if it doesn't, if it's a new client,
then it's just going to be null.
And so this is typically how you
delineate between a new entity and
a pre existing entity is that
there's an ID a unique ID,
a unique identifier for that, so
that is yeah, I think that's it.
So also just in case somebody
showed up a little bit late that
I'm running out of the mezzo application.
I was previously floundering
in the micro application but,
the example that we're running for
now is in the metro application,
specifically the home component.
And actually what we're doing has
really nothing to do with angular,
other than it just allows us to
get a visual representation.
The question is are the solutions in,
a branch and
there are solutions in the code,
and I'm not going to tell
you where they are just yet.
But if you poke around,
you twist my arm, maybe I won't, but
they're in the project and
I've put them in there.
Okay, fine, you twisted my arm.
If you look in each of the projects,
you're gonna find a solutions,
markdown file.
And so kind of everything that
I'm going to be typing and going.
It's not a secret.
Here's the notes.
But I would recommend
not speeding ahead and
actually doing the challenges so
that's the first one.
The question is can I explain state and so
just briefly to offer commentary on that,
objects, your domain
model becomes your state.
And so when you define a domain model is
that your application when it's running,
it is creating the essentially
any number of those objects,
which then produces or
makes up your application state.
And this is why we start at the bottom,
we do domain modeling and
then we use that to construct our
feature state and our application state.
There's another question.
Can I recommend a book on domain modeling?
Off the top of my head,
I believe pragmatic
programmers has a couple
pretty good books on this.
Typically, in this case, I would just go
to Amazon search for domain modeling and
choose the ones with the most stars that
I could talk someone into buying and
put it into my stocking for
Christmas or whatever.
But I believe pragmatic
programmers has a good one.
I'll think about that.
If I come up with it, I'll put the link
in the chats for everybody to check out.